This, Bind, Call, and Apply in JavaScript
	Call invokes the function and allows you to pass in arguments one by one.
	Apply invokes the function and allows you to pass in arguments as an array.
	Bind returns a new function, allowing you to pass in a this array and any number of arguments
	D:\Personal\POC\Js\JS-Concepts\test\call-apply-bind.js

es6 features
	arrow fns vs regular fns see egs D:\Personal\POC\Js\JS-Concepts\test\arrowfn.js
ES6 vs ES5
  -Arrow fns			:	Reduces the code, 'this' references to class parameter  than the instance, high performanance
  -Objects manupulation :	Spread operator, Object defining & destructing
  -Callbacks			:	Promise : resolves->then block. rejects->catch block.
  -Export&Imports		:	Morw readability	  

Variable Hoisting
  which moves variables and function declarations to the top of their scope before code is executed
  function declarations (function foo(){}) are Hoisted not function expressions (var foo = function (){})
  Variable assignments -> function declarations -> variable declarations
  var, let, const
    Keyword		Scope		  Hoisting	Reassigned	Redeclared
    var		  	Function		Yes			 Yes		Yes
    let		  	Block 			No			 Yes		No
    const	  	Block 			No			 No			No	

window

strict mode 3 methods
	detele a global variable not allowed

primitive datatype
	-String 
	-Boolean 
	-Number 
	-Undefined
	-Null 
	-Symbol 
map and set in es6
	Objects are used for storing keyed collections.
	Arrays are used for storing ordered collections.
	Map is a collection of keyed data items, just like an Object. But the main difference is that Map allows keys of any type.
	A Set is a special type collection – “set of values” (without keys), where each value may occur only once.

curry fns
  Currying is a technique of evaluating function with multiple arguments, into sequence of functions with single argument.
  In other words, when a function, instead of taking all arguments at one time, takes the first one and return a new function that takes the other args

Closures
  a closure provides access to the outer scope from the function’s inner scope. A closure controls what is and what is not in the scope of a certain function
  It can be used in event handlers, callbacks, currying
  closures are often used for object data privacy.

  Stale Closures

callback, promise, asycn await
Promise.allSettled() vs Promise.all()

shims vs polyfills
	Shims intercept API calls and create an abstract layer between the caller and the target. Typically shims are used for backward compatibility. 
	Polyfill is about implementing missing features in an API, whereas a shim wouldn’t necessarily be as much about implementing missing features as it is about correcting features
	So while shims are used for covering up old sins, polyfills are used for bringing future enhancements back in time

Inheritance and the prototype chain
prototype Inheritance vs Inheritance

complexity of a sorting algorithm
	O(1) — constant complexity - Algorithms with Constant Time Complexity take a constant amount of time to run, independently of the size of n
	O(log n) — logarithmic complexity (for example, binary search),
	O(n) — linear complexity (for example, maximum element search algorithm),
	O(nlogn) — linear logarithmic complexity (for example, maximum element search algorithm),
	O (n^2) — square complexity (for example, insertion sort).
	O (2^n) — Exponential Time Complexity (for example, insertion sort).


Events (3 pahses)
    Capturing phase – the event goes down to the element.
    Target phase – the event reached the target element.
    Bubbling phase – the event bubbles up from the element.
    There are two possible values of the capture options : 
        If it’s false (default), then the handler is set on the bubbling phase. : ele.addEventListener("click", e => alert());
        If it’s true, then the handler is set on the capturing phase.           : ele.addEventListener("click", e => alert(), true);

    Bubbling : events triggered : child->parent->ancestors
    stopPropagation  : stop Bubbling of upper scope
    stopImmediatePropagation  : stop Bubbling of current element if same el has many event handlers 
    preventDefault : prevents the default actions of the browser evenets (mouse, keyboard, form, css, dom) and 
    wants some custom things to happen (validations on text fields, UPPERCASES not allowed, onclick of a checkbox)

JS Timer Functions
	setTimeout(function, milliseconds)	-> called once after the timeout
	var x = setInterval(function, milliseconds)  -> clearTimeout(x)  -> called repeatedly after the timeout and stopped by clearTimeout()

Advance JS
Variables, values, types
Primitive types
prototypes
reference
Operators
Functions
Scope
Objects
this
Arrays
Conditionals
Loops
Callbacks
Promises
Async / await
Recursion
Hoisting
Closures
ES Modules
Errors and exceptions
Debugging
JSON
Functional programming
Regular expressions
Working with the DOM
Client-side Storage
Network programming in the browser
Web Workers and Service Workers
Websockets
